chore: update minio for seaweedfs in the docs (#623)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/workshop/prerequisites/02-create-clusters.mdx

buckets and Git repositories. In our workshops, you will use a SeaweedFS instance
running in the Platform cluster as the state store. In production environments,
you will probably use a Git repository or a S3-compatible bucket in a Cloud
Provider.

To install SeaweedFS in the Platform cluster, run:

```bash
# from the root of the Kratix repository
kubectl --context $PLATFORM apply --filename config/samples/seaweedfs-install.yaml
```

The above command will:

- Deploy an instance of SeaweedFS in its own `seaweedfs` namespace
- Create a Secret called `bucket-credentials` with the bucket credentials
- Create a bucket called `kratix` on the SeaweedFS instance

You can verify the installation by running:

```bash
kubectl --context $PLATFORM get deployments --namespace seaweedfs
```

The above command will give an output similar to:

```shell-session
NAME        READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
seaweedfs   1/1     1            1           1h
```

The bucket is created by a helper container in the same Pod as the SeaweedFS
server, and the Pod does not report `Ready` until the bucket exists. So a ready
Deployment already tells you the bucket is there&mdash;there is no separate Job to

> wait for:

Author: ```suggestion
Deployment already tells you the bucket is there:
```

Reviewer: Applied. Done in 6c57882.

```bash
kubectl --context $PLATFORM wait pod --namespace seaweedfs \
  --selector run=seaweedfs --for=condition=ready --timeout=120s
```

> To look inside the bucket, use the S3 CLI the Kratix repository ships:

Author: ```suggestion
To look inside the bucket, use the `s5cmd` utility provided in the Kratix repository:
```

Reviewer: Applied. Done in 6c57882.

```bash

> # downloads a preconfigured s5cmd to bin/s5cmd; nothing to export

Author: ```suggestion
# downloads s5cmd and provides a convenience wrapper for easy access
```

Reviewer: Applied. Done in 6c57882.
